Horatio Nelson (1823-1913), The Sarum Hymnal, 1868

From all thy Saints in warfare, for all thy Saints at rest,
To thee, O blessèd Jesus, all praises be addressed.
Thou, Lord, didst win the battle taht they might conquerors be.
Their crowns of living glory are lit with rays from thee.

2 Choose proper verse below.

Apostles, Prophets, Martyrs, and all the sacred throng, 
Who wear the spotless raiment, who raise the ceaseless song;
For these, passed on before us, Savior! we thee adore,
And, walking in their footsteps, would serve thee more and more.

Then praise we God the Father, and praise we God the Son,
And God the Holy Spirit, eternal Three in One;
Till all the ransomed number fall down before the Throne,
And honor, pow’r, and glory ascribe to God alone.

St. Matthew
Praise, Lord, for him whose Gospel thy human life declared, 
Who, worldly gains forsaking, thy path of suffering shared. 
From all unrighteous mammon, O give us hearts set free, 
That we, what'er our calling, may rise and follow Thee.

St. MarkFor him, O Lord, we praise thee, the weak by grace made strong, 
Whose labors and whose Gospel enrich our triumph-song.May we in all our weakness find strength from Thee supplied, 
And all, as fruitful branches, in thee, the Vine, abide.

St. LukeFor that 'Beloved Physician,' all praise! whose Gospel shows 
The Healer of the nations, the Sharer of our woes.Thy wine and oil, O Savior, on bruised hearts deign to pour, 
And with true Balm of Gilead, anoint us evermore.

St. JohnPraise for the loved Disciple, exile on Patmos' shore; 
Praise for the faithful record he to thy Godhead bore. 
Praise for the mystic vision, through him to us reveal'd; 
May we, in patience waiting, with thine elect be seal'd.

St. PeterPraise for thy great Apostle, the eager and the bold;Thrice falling, yet repentant, thrice charged to feed Thy fold. 
Lord, make thy pastors faithful, to guard their flocks from ill; 
And grant them dauntless courage with humble, earnest will.

St. AndrewPraise, Lord, for thine Apostle, the first to welcome thee,The first to lead his brother the very Christ to see.With hearts for thee made ready, watch we throughout the year,Forward to lead our brethren to own thine Advent near.

St. James the GreaterFor Him, O Lord, we praise thee, who, slain by Herod's sword,Drank of thy cup of suffering, fulfilling thus thy word, 
Curb we all vain impatience to read thy veil'd decree, 
And count it joy to suffer, if so brought nearer thee.

Sts. Philip and James the LesserAll praise for thine Apostle, bless'd guide to Greek and Jew, 
And him surnamed thy brother; keep us thy brethren true.And grant the grace to know thee, the Way, the Truth, the Life; 
To wrestle with temptations till victors in the strife.

St. BartholomewAll praise for thine Apostle, the faithful, pure, and true, 
Whom underneath the fig tree thine eye all-seeing knew. 
Like him may we be guileless, true Israelites indeed; 
That thine abiding Presence our longing souls may feed.
St. ThomasAll praise for thine Apostle, whose short-lived doubtings prove 
Thy perfect two-fold nature, the fullness of thy love.On all who wait thy coming shed forth thy peace, O Lord, 
And grant us faith to know thee, true Man, true God, adored.

Sts. Simon and JudePraise Lord, for thine Apostles, who sealed their Faith today: 
One love, one zeal impelled them to tread the sacred way. 
May we with zeal as earnest the faith of Christ maintain, 
And, bound in love as brethren, at length thy rest attain.

St. MatthiasLord, thine abiding Presence directs the wondrous choice: 
For one in place of Judas the faithful now rejoice.Thy Church from false Apostles for evermore defend,And, by thy parting promise, be with her to the end.

St. Paul in His ConversionPraise for the light from Heaven, praise for the voice of awe, 
Praise for the glorious vision the persecutor saw.Thee, Lord, for his conversion, we glorify today:So lighten all our darkness with thy true Spirit's ray.

St. BarnabasThe Son of Consolation, moved by thy law of love, 
Forsaking earthly treasures, sought riches from above.As earth now teams with increase, let gifts of grace descend, 
That thy true consolations may through the world extend.

Holy InnocentsPraise for thine infant Martyrs, by Thee with tend'rest love 
Called early from the warfare to share the rest above.O Rachel, cease thy weeping; they rest from pains and cares: 
Lord, grant us hearts as guileless, and crowns as bright as theirs.

St. John the BaptistWe praise thee for the Baptist, Forerunner of the Word, 
Our true Elias, making a highway for the Lord.Of prophets last and greatest, he saw thy dawning ray, 
Make us the rather blessèd, who love Thy glorious Day.

St. StephenPraise for the first of Martyrs, who saw thee ready stand, 
To aid in midst of torment, to plead at God's right hand. 
Share, we with him, if summoned by death our Lord to own, 
On earth the faithful witness, in heav'n the martyr-crown.